ladies and gentlemen at this time let me
introduce to you the new NWA world's
heavyweight champion Jeff Jarrett kill
that music
wait a minute wait weren't you the one
that said if Russo's coming back you
quit nwa bastard or pal don't let it hit
you in the ass on the way out
see you next week and you know what go
home
hell with Sean Waltman goodbye
Oh
you don't know me my name is Vince Russo
and I am the Antichrist a professional
wrestler
I kept a low profile for two years
but I think it before this business gets
deeper in the shitter bitch Rousseau
better come back
what I'm here to talk about Jeff Jarrett
I've got a lot of things I want to say
and to the old man who's sitting in the
back with those headphones on his head
if yep till my mic I'll come back there
and I'll smack the Shadia let me tell
you about Jeff Jarrett let me tell you
about friendship I met Jeff Jarrett when
he was doing a ridiculous gimmick
Melody's name is Pete sparkling do you
people remember that bullshit well you
know what despite the horrible gimmick
from the brain surgeons at the WWF I
prefer a the Jeff Jarrett
let me tell you why because that form of
politicians and children and egomaniacs
in that locker room Jeff Jarrett was
genuine but whether then one night Jeff
Jarrett decides he's going to leave in
the middle of the night I think it was
right here in Nashville and you know
what that piece of shit didn't you tell
me about that
Oh Jeff Jarrett leaves a bitch Russo
gets all as he and Jeff Jarrett goes to
jump on the NWO bandwagon no one what's
Vince Russo started getting more and
more involved all of a sudden the WCW
was down looking up in the WWF and Jeff
Jarrett calls me on the phone and makes
me they get his ass back in the WWF I go
back in I go to McMahon I beg Vince
great justice thank brought Jeff in they
tried to bury Jeff but there was his old
buddy
Vince Russo making sure that they they
did succeed his burial I put a guitar in
his hand we went around smacking 75 year
old women as Jeff Jarrett was on top of
the world once again
and then Russo goes to WCW and then the
week Russo goes to WCW they have a girls
beat Jeff Jarrett by the name of China
what does he do he calls me it says
bitch bitch you gotta give me you don't
you CW yeah well I gotta miss don't you
CW and I made I made Jeff Jarrett the
WCW champion wait the story gets better
thank God thank the gods above don't you
see them you've got sold and I was out
of that hell I was done with
professional wrestling but I get a call
from my old buddy Jeff Jarrett Jeff
tells me I'm starting to sense them you
ain't think Vince and I want to make it
cutting edge and I need you as a matter
of fact I gave them more on the name TNA
but he aided me Total Nonstop action
yeah Hendersonville hillbilly merely
meant tits and ass
let me tell you what happened Jeff Jared
was led by the nose by a wiving
conniving diabolical senile owe me a
piece of shit back there whose name I
won't mention because if I do I'll vomit
right on this very mess
I'll tell you one Jeff tells me sit home
bitch I'll call you when I need you I'll
call you when I need to you know what
I'm sick away for you to call me so I
took it upon myself to show up here
tonight
Oh
the way I see it this product sucks the
WWE sucks and Vince Russo is MIA to save
the day once again
but I'll tell you what Jeff I still have
a soft spot in my heart for you so I
ain't giving you one and only one
opportunity to join me because I'm
telling you starting next week there
will be a drastic change here and I'm
begging somebody to try to stop me so
here it is Jeff I won't be here at the
end of the night for your match to help
you win again just like I put that damn
title around your waist last week and
after I helped you win I want my answer
tonight because you're either with me
pal or you are against me the steel is
mine from the boss Jeff we could do this
the easy way or the hard way and I am
giving you one opportunity to make that
choice